# Real-Time Embedded Systems Simulation

Data models related to Sensoring. CANopen protocol stack. Cyphal is an open lightweight data bus standard designed for reliable intravehicular communication in aerospace and robotic applications via CAN bus, Ethernet, and other robust transports. SOEM (Simple Open EtherCAT Master). Zephyr is a real-time operating system (RTOS). The Yocto Project is an open source collaboration project to help you create custom Linux-based systems for embedded system deployments. Buildroot, making embedded Linux easy. The SIAPP SDK provides tools to build and emulate application containers, called SIAPPs. Eclipse Grizzly. Azure IoT Operations, NVIDIA Omniverse, and Universal Scene Description (OpenUSD). Graphical Realism Framework for Industrial Control Simulation. Eclipse Hono. Universal PLC Unit Test Library. Storm is a distributed realtime computation system. TimescaleDB a time series database (TSDB). Apache Paimon is a lake format. Hermes is an asynchronous message broker built on top of Kafka. Industrial IoT Integration and Data Processing with Apache PLC4X, Kafka Connect, KSQL  (OPC-UA, Modbus, Siemens S7). Includes data models for IoT Devices. Eclipse Paho Java MQTT client library. Apache Ditto is a software framework for digital twins. Neuron is an Industrial IoT connectivity server. IoT device communication protocol realization client. iot communication, it includes Siemens S7 protocol, Modbus protocol, MITSUBISHI MELSEC (MC) Protocol, RTSP / RTCP / RTP / H264 / MP4(FMP4) protocol, Parse byte array data. Mewtocol protocol library to interface with Panasonic PLCs over TCP/Serial. Sunflower is a full-system emulator for embedded sensing. Apache PLC4X is a set of libraries for communicating with industrial grade PLCs. Mininet emulates a complete network. Ryu is a component-based software defined networking framework. Floodlight is designed to work with the growing number of virtual switches. Apache MINA is a network application framework. Citrus is a test framework

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

